(dialogue accompanied by underscore)

ZHAPUR

You were on Athlantin!?

KEPODE

Yep.  I worked there as a miner for three years

ZUGAN

How did you make it off of that place?

KEPODE 

I got lucky and was already trained as a mechanic.  So when the opportunity opened up, I joined the guild
and worked my way up until I made it into communications work.  But I know the boys down on that planet.  
Most of them, I reckon, are still there.  Although if that ship is who we think it is, I bet you there are more 
than a few boys from down on Athlantin on it 

ZHAPUR 

You think so?

KEPODE

Believe me.  I know so 

(sung)

They were earnest boys
Robbed of even the barest joys
And they talked about revolution

Night and day their sweat fell down, straight into the desert sand
With the thrusting of the drill, scraping at the empty land
Fill the air with their heaving
Learn to hope by believing
In an end to the callised feet, the aching knees, the redded hands
The two suns bearing down upon their naked backs
The days before revolution

And they talked about revolution 
In the whispers of fire
Through the glances of ire
The restless murmur stirred 
The shadows heard their word

They peered into her ashen eyes just once a week
Ten minutes each, they took their turns, she didn’t speak
Placidly she looked astray
She saw it in their gaze
She saw that it was revolution

And they talked about revolution…

Two feet wide, their hardened mattress
Two feet wide, their airtight casket 
On the hot sand debilitated
In the mines asphyxiated
Cobalt, lithium, nickel skyward bound
While they stayed fixed upon the ground
The swollen cargo ships climbed into the night sky clear 
And when they looked straight up and watched them disappear
The stars spelled out revolution

(spoken)

ZUGAN:

Captain, chart a course for the outer quadrant fifth station.  We're gonna overtake that ship 

ZHAPUR:

Commander, this is madness 

ZUGAN:

That was an order

ZHAPUR:

Zugan, you can't be serious–

ZUGAN:

Captain, that was an order!

ZHAPUR:

Zugan, in five years piloting this ship together, you've never used your rank to force something I was againt

ZUGAN:

Captain, don't think for a moment that I won't report any disobediance on this ship to the tribunal as soon as we're back in federal jurisdiction.  
Now for the last time, chart a course for the outer quadrant fifth station 

ZHAPUR:

Yes, Commander 

ZUGAN:

Mission control, do you copy?  Mission control, do you copy?

(pauses)

Mission control, if anyone's there... this is Commander ZUGAN AZUDAVA of the FS-2534.  I am invoking the intra-galactic flight charter section 355 
to launch a rogue operation against an enemy combatant.  The suspected target is believed to be an RNF asset and is believed to have destroyed the central quadrant 
third station.  End communication.

Captain, what is the status of our itinerary?

ZHAPUR:

Assuming it's an old Idrennian Sigma-88 model, it'll be too bulky to tunnel through the narrow route-points between here and the outer quadrant.  It will take 
them just under two days to reach the station, but we can overtake them in half the time 

ZUGAN:

Thank you, Captain.  All personnel, brace for rotational accelleration at 1.7G

(end of dialogue interlude)

KEPODE

As they scoured through the planet’s thick, metallic veins
The blood of their masters purpled the surface in titanic stains
In the open-air sepulchers, where chaos grows, where panic reigns
No other choice except for revolution 

And they talked about revolution…